DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/net-agent/other-installation/install-net-agent-windows-communication-foundation-wcf.mdx

  - Agents
  - NET agent
  - Other installation

> metaDescription: 'For APM: how to install the .NET agent to monitor Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) applications.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: For APM: how to install the .NET agent to monitor Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) applications.
```
